---
layout: post

#event information
title:  "Internship at Uber's Advanced Technology Center"
cover: "img/uberatc_car.jpg"
date:   2016-06-03
start_time: "22:00"

#event organiser details
organiser: "Ryan Louie"

---

"Reinvention" is one of the themes that organize the stories in my new library checkout, "All about Skin," a short story collection authored entirely by women of color.  These short stories take a snap shot of characters at an important moment in their development. David, a black man raised in an upper class household, and told all his life "to associate with negros is to become one of them", makes a visit to a plantation town searching for his biological mother. Mercedes, a Latina teenager who has been playing games for the attention of a boy, just received a gorgeously-detailed car on her 16th birthday that draws his attention.

The story's climaxes happen when their past thoughts -- which have been obsessive, filled with anticipation -- play out in real life.  For David, his approach along the road towards the home of his biological mother is all he thought he has ever wanted. Similarly, Mercey has been just dying to lay a hint to the boy she loves that she thinks their relationship can be more than it.  For these characters, they are being brave.  Taking steps they have never taken before.  And then it puts us all on the edge.  We know what these characters would have expected to do in these situations... but in the face of uncertainty, how do they roll with it?  These characters obviously do something that is surprising and outside of their normal character. They are being reinvented?

To me it sounds like these characters are going through paradigm shifts! Yea I used that word, Rob Martello :)

One thread in my story that has met its match is my obsession towards Machine Learning and Data Science throughout my undergraduate career -- and the total lack of it at my job.

(What you think this isn't a huge reinvention, like David discovering he doesnt want to be associated with his biological mother after all, or Mercey realizing that the burning passion for her boy needs to be expressed towards something, even if that is keying his beloved car?  Well let me tell you, I think it's a big deal, and anyone who knows me and ML should know it to be a big deal...)




